Drink this.
Thank you.
I brought you here right away.
No one saw you like this.
You must take care of yourself.
I visit a Turkish bath twice a week.
Have them massage me.
Scrub my old skin off.
Relaxing is part of being professional.
You don't have to tell anyone.
Congratulations on Leipzig.
The Global
had a project called Quaestus.
It was a huge flop
but was sold nonetheless.
And no one knows why.
Okay.
I'll look into it.
Keep it up.
Do you like it?
Do you notice anything?
We had an agreement.
Exactly.
It's alright.
Hi, boss.
- It's broken.
- Oh.
Let's have a look.
Your deal with Schultheiss
was a one-time thing.
Understood? And if you do anything
against my wishes again,
I won't wait for the results.
I'll fire you that very day.
- Understood.
- If we don't...
- Hello.
- Hey.
If we don't close in four weeks,
Leipzig will sue us.
Okay?
So.
You got us into this,
so you'll fix it.
You're in charge of the project.
Yes.
Dave, get up.
The f***ing phone please.
Thanks. Call your mummy later.
The closing for Leipzig2025
is in less than four weeks.
Four! Yes.
That means that all securitized loans
must be sold by then.
Admittedly, that's not much time.
I hope you all brought
your toothbrushes.
- You look good.
- Cancel all appointments.
Eat plenty of white bread.
Yes, white bread, so you don't have
to constantly crap.
Here's the crazy woman
responsible for all of this.
She's in charge of the project.
Jana Liekam.
I don't know why you Dutchmen
talk so much.
You heard it.
Four weeks is not much.
But I'm very optimistic
that we can do it.
- Okay.
- Close it.
Adam, you know people
at the pension funds.
- Can you take on Double B?
- No.
Adam is an expert on gorillas
and perverts.
And alpha males.
So you'll take over
the entire risk tranche?
Oh yes.
Will you handle the final
of the roadshow?
- Okay.
- Good. Then let's go.
This is the project team Leipzig2025.
Adam.
Get to work!
We have much to do.
Michi, how's your divorce going?
Have you heard of Leipzig2025?
Laurie, how are you?
Here are the A tranches
at 80 base points. 25 swaps.
20 it is. Great.
I'll send you the files.
- Thanks. My regards to Robert.
- Bye.
If things continue like this,
I won't need you or you or you anymore.
I don't need you.
I make the best trades myself.
How is Adam?
- Something is wrong with him.
- Why?
He has so many allergies.
Who is allergic to chilli?
He wouldn't be able to drink this.
Chilli...
And I think his wife beats him.
- Pardon?
- He's always covered in scars.
That's right. Like yesterday.
His wife. Hm. And your family?
Oh, excuse me. The food is hot.
No problem.
I'll make you another dish.
Here you go.
Thin chicken strips?
- Correct. Five euro please.
- Okay.
So you don't want to talk about it.
Cheers.
Mattias! Hey!
This is the last round for today.
You're cleaning that up.
Black Stone
Silver Mountain is a shell company
in a worthless palace here.
Bloody bastards.
But Quaestus surely isn't the only thing
they dumped with Silver Mountain.
Mum.
I might be able to determine...
I need money.
- What is it?
- They're gone.
Antoine!
I always tell you to speak slowly.
- Hey.
I'm sorry I couldn't answer earlier.
We're so busy.
No problem.
Shall we Skype tomorrow?
- Sure.
- Okay.
How was Flo's trip?
It was nice.
A slide.
Okay.
I think things will be calmer tomorrow,
so we'll talk then. Okay?
- Okay.
- Good.
- Kiss Flo for me.
- I will.
Until tomorrow.
I miss you both.
Bye.
How is she doing in Frankfurt?
- Frankfart.
Shall we eat with Mummy? Yes?
I'd like that too.
What shall we cook?
Quaestus led us to the hedge fund
Silver Mountain,
headquartered in Bahrain.
The Global constantly sold them
useless junk.
You think Silver Mountain is
a secret subsidiary of the Global.
They're selling their junk to themselves
to improve their balances.
But I need proof of that.
Do you get along? Fenger and you.
Yes.
If you can get access to his computer,
you'll certainly find something.
His computer?
Last time, you had scruples too.
But then it was easy.
I'm sure you'll find evidence
in his computer's master data.
I need more evidence,
accounts, sold products.
Who do you think I am?
Sneaking into his office,
hacking into his computer.
I don't even know how to do that.
I don't have any other options.
What do you even need it for?
I'm not doing it.
Get used to the idea.
Am I locked in now?
Oh, come on. What is this?
We're cancelling this.
I can see that you're in pain.
We're here already. Give me the keys.
So we'll tour the city.
We've never been to Frankfurt together.
Frankfurt.
I know that this is totally naive.
But there are more important things now.
Give me the keys.
Close your eyes.
Do you remember how happy you were?
- Yes.
- Relaxed?
Close your eyes.
Think about Thailand.
Hm.
Instead we're in this ugly hotel room
because of this stupid project.
Instead of the two of us...
Instead of the two of us
flying around the world?
What do I do while we travel the world?
You'll never experience this.
Do you realise this?
I'll ensure that the financing
is secured
instead of flying to Thailand
and waiting for my death.
I don't care
what other people do
in their last weeks.
Whether they're lying on the beach
or partying.
1 1 years.
I've fought for this for 1 1 years.
That appointment out there,
that's my job, and my job is my life.
Can I count on you?
Where is he?
No one is here,
and his mobile phone is off.
Finally.
You're so stupid.
You didn't order until three hours ago,
and now you're complaining!
I'm sorry. I'm hysterical.
Why don't you cook yourself?
No. Please. It's my mistake.
Have you gone completely mad,
you stupid dog?
Clean that up.
Don't embarrass me further.
Smartcityrising, Leipzig2025.
Wow!
Sadly, I'm too young to say that
I'm too old for this.
Thank you. Yes, I'm too old. Too slow.
But ladies and gentlemen,
I don't believe in fairy tales.
But Leipzig2025 is an insane project.
These past days,
my young colleague Jana Liekam
has sold credits totalling a billion.
Yes. Come here. Say something.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Leipzig2025 is more than
just lucrative financing
for you to invest in.
It's also a project with heart and soul.
And representing Leipzig is its mayor,
Peter Schultheiss, whom I'd like
to ask to come up on stage.
Thank you, thank you.
In recent years, large-scale projects
weren't really popular
in politics.
I had to pass a test or two myself.
That's why it's so much more touching
to see the many young people
who, like me, believe
in offering others a vision,
creating housing, affordable housing,
giving them jobs. In short,
being part of developing
a booming metropolis' future.
The future of my hometown. Thank you.
Hey!
That's the way it is. Dads are dads
and family is family.
They're always right.
At least we got
to meet your family that way.
I liked it too.
F*** off!
- Hey!
- Cheers!
May I introduce you to my wife?
Lucia!
Let go off me!
What's wrong?
Please.
So that's Gabriel Fenger's wife.
What about Gabriel Fenger's
other big secret?
Do you know what's being said about you?
Who are you again?
I'm Mohammed from accounting.
Ah, okay. What rumour is that?
I'm just saying it's all drivel.
Gabriel.
- Hey. Hi, Gabriel.
- Hello, hello, hello.
How are you?
- Tell me. Which rumour?
- I don't know.
Tell me!
Gabriel.
You might live in this bank.
Who said it? Did you?
No.
I don't even know you.
I don't know who you are!
I don't know. Hey!
Hey, Gabriel! Stop!
Are you mad?
Hey!
Who the f*** are you, man?
You a***hole! I don't even know him!
It's cool.
I went to university with him.
She looks just like the prostitute
whose face I came on yesterday.
I can't believe it.
You've improved in recent years.
You're fighting on the wrong side.
You work yourself to death,
but do you have your million?
We really hit the ground running then.
What happened to you?
Dessert?
The bill, please.
Adam, you'll get the offer
for this Leipzig thing tomorrow.
I must have all of the risk shares.
Got it?
Cool.
We have to party again soon.
You know how to do so.
We'll see.
Come on. F*** the family!
I still have the photos of you.
Oh God.
By the way, your wife will get them,
if you turn down our offer.
That's not funny.
Not at all.
Shall I give you a ride
or will you take the tram?
I'll pay now.
Tom! Tom!
We have to talk about the photos again.
Keep cool. We're going to make
you a fair offer.
Tell me that you were joking.
Want to come to the 'Atelier'
for old times' sake?
Old-school bukkake.
Wow. Keep cool.
This is my family.
I have your photos too.
But I don't have a family.
This deal is important to me.
Accept the offer.
Sorry, buddy. There's no other way.
I'm alive.
It's okay.
Hm?
Jana, do you want to know
my real secret?
I don't understand my job.
In the '90s with all that trading,
I made so much money.
I was happy.
Then there was investment banking.
Made even more money.
So much f***ing money!
But every time
I really tried to understand
where the money came from,
why?
Why do these bills
come out of the machine?
Somewhere in my line of thought,
there's always the point
where I just didn't understand it.
I once knew a phenomenal banker
who said,
'We align our entire life based on'
'what we want to understand'
'and those things we don't want
to understand'.
I understand you.
Hey, Mohammed! What are you doing?
I'll just address this quickly.
I'll apologise.
Shush.
You're both totally drunk. Okay?
Fenger asked me to analyse
wire transfer from the master data.
But I didn't download anything.
- You have to go to the data centre.
- Okay.
Okay.
Could you tell me more about Quaestus?
- Quaestus?
- Yes.
I've seen so much sh*t in this bank.
If they want to fire me, I have...
Is something wrong?
No.
Let me take you home.
You can't drive like this.
Mo?
We're here.
Good night.
Thank you, Jana.
No reason to get nervous.
Do I look nervous?
We discussed
appropriate compensation back then.
Given what Silver Mountain
entailed last week,
my compensation isn't appropriate
but a joke.
This was a one-time...
It would have been one-time
had you used Silver Mountain once
to get rid of junk.
But last week's amounts were...
Yes, I got it.
I'll take care of it.
Quaestus?
It's all going downhill.
1.10 now for coffee.
I'll catch up.
Hi, gorgeous man.
Hey, beautiful woman.
- What are you doing here?
- Visiting you.
I'm sorry I didn't respond.
I thought your phone was broken.
No, no... I'm just really busy.
I'm not wearing anything underneath.
Do you have a boiler room?
I have a date now.
- We have to study for tomorrow.
- Did you not hear me?
I did, but I'm just so busy.
Can I help you?
Maybe another time.
Bye.
Will you call?
Just keep walking.
- Sorry.
- You again!
Do you not have a home?
I wanted to ask
if you'd like to have dinner with me.
- Grazyna.
- No.
- Please.
Pretty please.
What self-confidence.
Last time, you cried here like a child
and told me what a bad man you are.
That wasn't even my best side.
Oh?
Your shift ends at 7 o'clock,
doesn't it?
I'll pick you up half past the hour.
I'll find a nice restaurant for us,
and you'll choose something good
from the menu.
I look forward to tonight.
See you soon!
What is it?
I found a client.
One.
One client.
That bloody pleb Tom Moldovan.
Wow. With an offer
I wouldn't even wipe my arse.
I'll keep searching.
But if I fail,
we'll at least have Moldovan.
Have you gone mad?
The risk tranche makes up 10 per cent
of our entire credit volume.
Tom Moldovan can choke on his offer.
- Yes...
- No, no!
You're going to find something better.
- Mhm.
- Good.
I've told you from the start
that we didn't have enough time.
I'm telling you
to do your f***ing job!
Acquire a customer
who won't insult me
with such a measly offer.
Yes, Sir.
Ay, Sir. Love you so.
The closing is in two weeks,
and only half of Triple A is gone.
Then why are all of you
still sitting here?
Think of something!
Hello, it's Adam Pohl again.
Okay. I'll try again tomorrow.
Adam, can we discuss the situation?
- Please trust me.
- I have a bad feeling.
Jana, just let me do my job. Okay?
Good night.
What?
F***!
And?
How are things?
I...
I just have to...
Jana, wait a second.
Hey.
Hey. Wait a second.
I just had bad food.
Calm down. Calm down.
Leave it.
Breathe. It's okay.
Sit down.
It's okay. It's alright. Sit down.
Breathe! Breathe!
Deep breaths.
Yes.
Breathe. Breathe.
This panic is just in your head.
Don't fight it.
Breathe.
Fearful people are the most dangerous.
So feel free to be afraid.
This pressure and this responsibility,
that's difficult.
But you get used to it.
And at some point, the panic goes away.
Trust me.
Calm.
Shall I see you tomorrow?
Yes?
Take care.
- Jana?
- Yes. Hello.
I'm sorry for phoning so late.
You were right.
You have evidence.
I can't sell Leipzig's risk shares.
We only got one bad offer
from Tom Moldovan.
I thought we should make a deal.
You help me get rid of them,
and I'll get you evidence.
How much are we talking about?
400 million.
Someone will be in touch.
- Okay.
- Jana?
Good job.
- Good night.
Connecting
Felix?
I've got something for you.
The entire risk tranches of
the Leipzig project have yet to be sold.
Those are the biggest tranche companies.
Our problem is
that we must sell
our tranches
at too low a price.
I don't like saying it,
but Jana is doing your job.
What?
She's meeting Bender.
Hey. What is this?
What are you doing?
Felix Bender is interested.
- What?
- Felix Bender is interested?
Bender is my client. I'll cover him.
And I'm in charge of the tranche.
Adam, you don't.
I saw you working the past half an hour.
You didn't do much.
- You didn't sell any non-rating shares.
- What's wrong?
Do I have to explain
the fundamentals to you?
You're a structurer.
You mustn't engage in sales talks
without me or Fenger.
- I didn't say...
- I'll talk to compliance.
They'll f*** you up!
Adam, I'm advising Bender.
I'm not selling anything.
Jana, don't mess with me.
We'll do it together.
- Okay.
I'm choosing where to go.
I know what he likes.
- Two minutes.
- One minute.
Regatta! Regatta!
Regatta!
Stop this regatta nonsense!
It's just a phenomenon.
Everyone always pretends
to love a regatta.
Yet they all hate it.
I don't.
- Not you. No. How often did you vomit?
- Come on, Felix.
- I made it, didn't I?
- I have to give him credit.
He vomited three times and still lost.
I know it's great to talk
about vomiting,
but we have much to discuss.
And if you hadn't had those drops,
you would have made it too.
And let me tell you something.
Real men vomit and keep drinking.
Okay. Back to Leipzig.
Yes.
Felix, let's party now that
you're in the city.
- No, no, no.
- Oh yes.
My sister Birgit
from Romania.
Of course, she also brought
too lovely cupcakes along.
- Birgit.
- She's standing tall as always.
- What's with this stupid nonsense?
- I haven't seen Felix in a long time.
Get to the point!
Jana, let me do my job and shut up!
Back to our sweet Felix.
Be kind to my dear Felix.
- Yes, that would be...
- A very sweet man.
May we have three more shots?
Do you have chilli?
Or could you add some of this?
Chilli?
Should anyone ask,
there was nothing in it.
Here's mummy! Mummy makes great drinks.
Thanks, mummy.
Bye, Birgit! Cheers!
Cheers.
You okay?
I think I'll get some fresh air.
- Are you okay?
- I'll be right back.
Okay.
He's spent all day in the toilet.
He insisted on coming.
I told him not to have alcohol.
- Pardon?
- Let him defecate now.
We're leaving.
Is it that obvious?
After all of the interactions
with my business partners,
I can't out myself.
That would be mega unauthentic.
I've just missed the right time.
I won't tell anyone.
I've known Leblanc for some time.
It's rare that she respects someone.
Good transition.
How many do you want to buy?
300 million.
Okay.
Cool.
Good.
Great decision. Congratulations!
Let's celebrate.
You two look great together!
I'll show you. Like this.
Off with the head.
Nice and smooth.
Don't waste the juice. Now slurp.
So?
Do you like it?
After what I've done,
I won't be able to work at a bank.
I wouldn't want to. It's over.
What do you want to live on?
You're a Mr. Moneybags?
I wouldn't say it like that,
but I can manage for a while.
Crazy.
You know,
I've been unhappy for a very long time.
If you have no money,
it's easy to blame your lack of money
for you being unhappy and not well.
But if you have money
and still don't feel good,
it's either your character
or that you feel like you've done
everything wrong so far.
So change your character. Stop crying.
- I'm doing it.
- I can't wait.
You'll see.
Did you see what the kitchen
looks like again?
Oh wow.
Don't 'oh' me!
I don't want to be the one
who always has to clean it all up.
What about the kitchen?
Don't mock me? It's not funny!
You must clean just like me.
I'll do it. Okay.
Please. I want to live in a nice house.
Yes.
Your girlfriend is in your room.
I don't have a girlfriend.
She said she was your girlfriend
and wanted to see you.
I told her to wait.
What does she look like?
- Hello.
- How did you know where I live?
Can we talk?
You can't just come here,
telling her that you're my girlfriend.
That's psycho!
You're sitting at my desk.
Just leave. Okay?
- Can we talk?
- No. No!
- If you knew me...
- I don't want to get to know you.
You'd like me.
Just leave. Okay?
Thao, stop.
Thao, don't.
Remove your hand.
Ow! Stop! Stop! Let go!
Everything okay?
F*** off!
You can't do that!
Let go!
I'm calling the police! You're psycho!
Tom, it's Adam again.
You're not answering your phone.
I wasn't able to further reduce
the price.
We must find another way.
Please call me back.
Don't do anything with those photos.
I mean...
It was a great joke.
But you wouldn't actually send them.
You wouldn't, would you? We're friends.
Call me, Tom.
F***!
I've always liked...
Get some rest and thank you!
Need help
Did you just pretend to be normal?
Sabine, it's not that bad.
Don't touch me, you sick a***hole!
- Get some sleep, Flo.
- No.
- Your mother is going to kill me.
- Is mummy coming back tomorrow?
No.
- Why?
- Good night.
It's alright. Hey.
It'll be okay.